Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again tonight. I have
a lot to talk to you all about. I
have
been praying over a lot of things
the Lord has had me
on—assignment
is what I want to call
it.
I ask you to pray for
me because I am going to give a really
hard word tonight. This word is
probably one of the hardest I
have
ever given on a public platform.
I
have
brought it to the elders
and
I have bathed this in prayer.
If you know me and you have been
following this channel, I give very
hard words and I am very bold about it.
But this word that I was given from the
Lord, I believe with all my heart,
the Lord gave after I saturated this in
prayer for some time. I brought
it to my elders, the
people that I believe I can trust,
my
pastors. I talked to pastors that
are over me. I talked to Sister
Billy. I talked to a lot of people,
and out of a council, I
have
put several very strong key
leaders—is
what I want to call
them—that
I believe have great discernment
because of the
weightiness of this word.
I had this visitation from Jesus.
The night I had the live stream,
the glory of the
Lord filled my house.
The Lord said, "I do
not
want you to go live this night. I
want you to be private and I
am
going to talk to
you."When
that happened, he showed up and he
stood right here as I was doing my live,
and the manifested presence of God
filled my house
until about 6
that morning, 7 the next day.
The glory of the Lord filled my home so
strong I did not want to move out of this
chair. I sat here and just wept.
Braden felt it. My wife,
three angels were with him,
and they spoke to me. The Lord spoke
to me, not they. The Lord spoke to me
and he told me what was coming.
I was taken back by the word.
So, I have
prayed and prayed and prayed over it. I
am
going to just go over some other
things first before I get into all that
because I am just trying to fill it out;
once I give it, it is out
there.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for this
time of prayer. Father, I lift up this
time of prayer to you right now in the
name of Jesus. And I bind any demonic
spirits off this house and off of me, my
wife, and my children, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. Father, I thank you that you
speak through my vocal cords and think
through my mind. None of me and all of
you, in the name of Jesus. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that we always
attract,
deflect, and we give all the
glory to God on this channel. In all that
we say, in word and in deed, we give
all to the glory of God. We know it has
nothing to do with me and has everything
to do with you, Jesus. It is all
about you and it will continue to be
about you, sir. We love
you. We give you the highest praise for
you are so worthy and you are so holy.
We see a lot going on in the news,
right?
How do I even start this?
Oh, Father, we worship you.
We thank you, Father, for your glory
for you are good.
You do miracles so good.
There is no one else like you.
For you
are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
Is
everything okay?
Yeah. You want me to get her right now?
No, it is fine. She is fine right now. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name
for you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you
deserve the
gloryy
and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we
bless your holy name.
Father, I thank you.
I thank you, Lord. All of you and none of
me.
I
feel inside we can go this way.
I want to start it off by playing
something that I have made you three or
four times now. I
have
taken the time to really pray
over this.
This is going to be me watching a video,
watching it now again,
because I cannot do it any better than
what I did the first time. I told
Braden
I said it is what it is. So I want
you to watch me telling you what I
am
about to tell you.
Because I am not going to do it again
after doing this so many times. I said,
"Hey, you know what? It is what it is.
If you receive it, you receive it. If
you can pray and help me pray over what
is
about to be told to you, then you
are
on assignment with
me."Okay.
So, here you go.
Go ahead and play it.
Are you going to start from the
beginning? I
am
just ready to get this off of
me.
You want to film, or you
going to start from like where you start
reacting to it?
I want you to just react to it.
Good morning,
family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for
joining me again today. I am about
to give one of the most important words
that I have ever received from the Father.
I have been praying over this word
for the last 24 hours before I gave it
to the public. I brought it to some
people that I trust, some elders to
judge it, to pray over it. I sat
on the couch after he gave this word to
me. The very presence of the Lord filled
my home.
It was all night long.
The very atmosphere was charged with the
glory. We sit until the morning
light—my
son, my wife, and my
daughter—all
just basking in that
presence that was in our home. After
Jesus shows up, he leaves a
fragrance
and the angels that were with him.
It was the most beautiful thing I
have
experienced in a while.
I am in awe of how
wonderful our Jesus is.
But he gave me a word and he wants me to
tell you what he had to say.
I want to go over so it makes sense
where we are right now in the signs of
the times of the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ.
January the 14th, we gave a word from
the Lord that he gave us as we were
driving around praying over our city.
This is what he said. I am
going to
play it and I am going to stop my
son and I am going to say some
more before I release what he said to us
last night. So Braden, do you want to go
ahead and play it?
Help me, Holy Ghost, because I
have a lot here to tell you.
I saw the fork in the road going
like this. I saw President Trump in the
Valley of Decision and a major
escalation of war.
I kept hearing World War
III.
This is the difference between the
decision that he makes in the
next couple of hours.
Now, I know when I am looking into the
spirit, it seems like it's right in
front of my face. Sometimes it could be
days away. It is imminent. It could
be a week, two
weeks, you know, but I am going to tell
you the urgency of the hour of what I
am seeing
because he has given us the two weeks.
Remember I told you all two weeks, pray
over this next two weeks. This is the
pivotal time. So, this is what I saw. I
saw the Lord kept saying, "Push
the button, Trump. Push the button,
Trump. You're running out of time. Push
the
button."And
I could see him pushing the button
concerning the decision, praying over
the council that is influencing the
decision
because he has a council board. And I
saw these people talking to him and I
saw Israel talking. I could see
certain people that were
intelligence. I can say that I saw
intelligence and praying over the secret
intelligence,
praying over the people that would
be in harm's way
because this was very important for the
secret intelligence to be protected.
This was very important
on both sides.
As this was coming, I saw the Supreme
Court and the Lord showed me,
remember I said we can't allow
the tariffs not to
happen because that's the lifeblood of
what the plan is concerning the
economy of America to allow
the economy to flourish and to go to the
next level. It would help sustain us and
keep
him paddling from going over the
side of the waterfall because the
economy was in trouble.
And I saw the Supreme Court judges. Who
did we see? We saw the black man, the
African-American man, and we saw the
white man. And the Lord told us, "Pray
over those two judges."What is it about
those two judges? I saw Kim. And
then I saw these faces. The Lord said,
"Pray over these judges. This is a major
decision concerning the tariffs.
So, I've been praying over these tariffs
because
Plan A is the tariffs. Plan B
is trying to scramble
for
what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we, if this falls and we
have to pay back trillions of dollars to
these countries and nations, what does
America do with their economy?
This is a very hard position.
Okay. So, I saw this is vital.
And some people go, "Well, Brian, I
don't..."Hey,
listen. We're in a
mess. And most of you don't realize how
big of a mess we're in.
We're $34 trillion or
more, $40 trillion in the hole.
When you got $40 trillion worth of
credit card bills and debt, what
do you do? You have to have a Hail Mary
play.
This is serious. This is do or
die. Do you understand where we're at?
Well, I don't believe all that. Then
you're ignorant.
You don't know. And we're at the point
of paddling upstream and we're
against Niagara
Falls. And the Lord said we're at the
point of no return.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
And as I was praying today, I kept
hearing:
there will be a wound
against America that will not be fatal.
That will bring people
to their knees to bring the bride by my
side.
Now I saw what the wound was.
The Lord showed me the wound today.
It's very serious.
And in the
minutes ahead,
where you remember the wound, the
wound that will not be fatal,
that will bring the bride by my side.
Don't forget that. That's very
important. I want you to highlight that.
Write that down right now and think
about the wound that will not be fatal
to the church
that will bring the bride by my side.
Okay? So, think about what I just said
right there by the Holy Ghost. The Holy
Spirit said that and I didn't know what
he was saying at the time. What is
a wound that is not fatal? What would be
a wound to the American church?
What would shake America? What would
bring them to their knees?
The church, the Republicans.
What would do that? Now watch again:
by my side. There's a shaking to awaken
with what's coming.
And as I saw Greenland, I saw Venezuela,
I saw the uprising of these...
what Trump had a
plan: minerals, oil.
Again, praying over Iran, the
oil wells in Iran to be striking the oil
wells in Iran to the
BRICS
nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on
the ground
doing this. This is much bigger than
civilians. Why? Why did the civilians
happen? Who instigated the civilians
uprising? How
did
that all happen? How did it get so
big? It's much bigger than what I can
say online.
It's much bigger than what I can relay
to you.
You must think bigger. You must come up
higher in your prayer life with the
Lord. You can't pray the news. If you're
praying the news, you're too late. You
must come up higher in your authority as
a
believer. That's why I try to
encourage you all the time to read books
like this about Sister
Billie
and the believer's authority.
Reading your authority and learning how
to operate in the authority of the
believer. I'm not getting a kickback of
selling that or trying to tell you
to buy this book. This is just something
that we practice every day of our life
and I'm trying to help you apply your
authority and learning how to come up
higher. If you come up higher like an
eagle, you'll see what's coming. If
you're praying the news, you're already
too late. The news is old. We must be
like the watchman or the eagle that sees
way far in advance. They know what's
coming. They know when a storm's coming.
They know where the food
is.
That's what we have to do with our
spiritual walk with the Lord.
And that's what I'm telling you all by
the spirit of God right now. We're in
the valley of decision. So I saw a major
decision concerning Iran and the Lord
kept saying, "Push the button. Push the
button."I
saw Russia
with Putin with that
Apollyon
circling him. I saw that demonic
spirit influencing his mind to escalate.
And I heard
weapons of war.
Unconventional weapons of war. That's
what I was hearing today. Weapons of
war. And I saw the elders weeping:
older people, grandmas, grandpas,
your great-grandmas that had walked
through the valley of war with World War
II, Vietnam, and
the
Korean War, these wars that they had
seen in their time and they remembered
it. And because they had walked, I saw a
major draft coming again.
And I heard the elders say it.
Where the cold engulfing
across the land... you may remember the
old will cry.
I saw graves.
I said eight times. And it
was eight times. I saw graves across the
land in Europe. I saw an uprising and
war.
A great war. The
oceans,
the resources. I saw an attack
against our resources from the supply
chain coming out of China. Again, as an
escalation of things was taking off,
I saw the boats coming from China,
these trade wars and medicines
and supplies for hospitals. Things
were in trouble
as an escalation of war. I saw the supply
chain of food. I saw the supply chain of
things... Europe was upset.
I remember I told you I saw
Macron
coming on the scene upset
about Greenland. I saw an
escalation on all fronts.
So we see Macron today being very
upset with Trump as Trump humiliated
Macron
about his sunglasses. And we
know that Macron hurt his eye or
his blood vessel burst in his eye and he
was covering it up and he was
being teased by President Trump.
Then we heard him say something
about joining... it might be time for
us to consider joining the
BRICS
in his speech.
Joining up with Russia.
Remember
what I'm about to show you in just a
second. Remember that and what I'm about
to show you and what the Lord said. So
Macron
and Russia.
Okay, look at this. "We might just
consider joining up the BRICS,"which is
Russia and their plan, splitting away
from the dollar, a new thing, right? So
remember that because
you'll need that in a little bit.
A major escalation is on all fronts,
but Trump was in the valley of
decision.
That's why we must pray for him
tonight concerning the decisions that he
will make in the days
ahead. These are major decisions that
will seriously
alter everything; it will
change the course of everything.
We must pray that he
makes the precise one by the leading
of the Holy Spirit, that he is not led by
flesh or
a
carnal mind but is filled with
and
controlled by the Holy Ghost in these
last days. With the pressure that he's
having from all the demonic
activity
going on, are we backing him enough in
prayer, church?
This should be bathed in praying in
tongues. Pray without ceasing. Pray in
the night. Pray in the day. Pray for our
nation. We're in the valley of decision.
I told you a 'Red Dawn'experience was in
our nation. I told you we have an enemy
within that came over from the Biden
administration. I'm not here to
preach fear, but I'm trying to
prepare you because we have an enemy
within. I am praying over Taiwan
and
this escalation of things that
I've seen coming.
This
is
a
great war in a day; it's a
trigger. It's about Greenland.
Greenland
is
in trouble. The
dollar is
in trouble.
Politicians remain silent, and the
Democrats know the dollar is in
trouble if they don't pass the tariffs
out of desperation and pride. Heads
will roll in the night. Remember I told
you there would be an escalation and an acceleration
to bring them to their
knees.
They will either come;
that's fine, I'm going to move on.
So, I'm going to go to the vision that I
saw last time I was with you on
Monday night. I saw a lot that night. I saw
Capitol Hill. I saw JD Vance
in
black and white.
He had a humongous head
with
a very skinny neck that was
not able to balance it.
It
looked like his head was just bobbling
all around, but he was fighting on
Capitol Hill, standing there looking
at the White House.
He was in a black and white
suit.
As I was looking at Capitol
Hill, a massive peacock
came down on the
top of the dome of the Capitol,
curled its head down, and looked
towards JD Vance.
As the
peacock was down, I could see the
feathers, but they were not arched up
beautifully;
they
were down.
It
curled down, and there
was
some kind of sparkling light on this peacock. The
peacock
looked like
it was being humbled,
cowering
down to the presence of the Lord.
It was like reverence,
and
humility was coming on
this peacock.
His head was bowed low,
and
the peacock started looking at
the bobblehead,
which
was looking at our
president. There was a
massive storm
all around the White House.
Lightning was going all around him. I
could see lightning outside. He was busy
at his desk. Arched over the Resolute
Desk,
he was writing
very diligently in some kind of book,
writing with
intense
focus. He
didn't even notice what was going on
around him because of
the
task at hand.
Remember what I
said
about the devil coming out
and poking his brain? I said
there was a bird
hiding in the corner, a demon
assigned to cause confusion in
his head,
pecking his skull.
Before a watchman
or
prayer
warriors could see it, he would hide; he
was being cloaked
and
pecking.
Remember that; this is
important. Listen, because all
these things
that the Lord has given us
over the last two weeks, he said, 'Pray
over this time
frame.'I'm
holding the church accountable for
what's about to take place,
for there has not been enough prayer
concerning the President of the United
States.
When I went back to what he told me,
he said, 'Brandon, I want you to
stop focusing on what I'm showing
you about what's coming and attack what
I have given you in the spirit realm.'I
asked,
'Lord, what's going
on?'He
said, 'They're not praying over what
I'm giving you to
give them. These
are
the most intense and
important
assignments that the body of Christ
in
America and the world has ever
had.'That's
what he was showing me. When
you hear what he said to me 24 hours
ago,
may
God help us.
Remember JD Vance? Remember the peacock?
Marco Rubio was at the corner of the
steps below that.
Marco Rubio was
there with his
eyes bulged out, darting
back and forth, looking at JD Vance.
His neck
was not strong as he looked at the
presidency.
I could see
our president writing at the desk from
outside
the
White
House
lawn.
I know it was a type
and
shadow. The Lord
is
trying to warn us through a
vision. I don't really believe there
was
a peacock on there,
and JD Vance didn't really
have a head
like that, but the
Lord is
trying to warn us. I
saw
a massive storm around
Congress
and
JD Vance,
who
was in black and
white like
an
old-timey
movie.
The
Lord Jesus told me,
'Your president is about to be taken out
by an
assassin.'He
said, 'I hold the
church accountable for what is about to
take place in this
nation.'As
I was sitting here,
I saw the whole thing pan out.
The glory came
into
my house and I started yelling,
'Lord,
how is this going to happen?
We have prayed for this man. We have
interceded. We have stood in
the gap.'He
said, 'The
church as a massive
whole.'You're
not the church by yourself, Braden.
This
channel is not the church
by itself.
He said pride has come into his heart
and he has opened a
door through the counsel of ungodly people
advising him on what to do
concerning the nations.
Because he has opened this door
and that demonic spirit
is
influencing his
thoughts,
the church is supposed to pray.
The Lord showed me
decisions being made were not
what he wanted, and they
were
opening a door for a
demonic attack.
I saw pride fill his
heart and arrogance starting to
slip in. I saw a covering that was
not covering him on his front side.
He was coming down. It looked like Air
Force One or something. I saw a man
a long ways away with a 50 caliber
weapon that had a scope on it that
big. He had a black stocking hat.
He had a black shirt, black pants,
and
black combat boots, and he was laying on
his belly
focusing in. When I saw this incident
happen,
I saw the projectile go through his
body.
It was awful. The Secret Service didn't
even know where to
go. I'm telling you, this is
very serious to me.
I'm
telling you all this is very hard to
even talk about, but I feel by the
spirit of God, we must pray. I
believe we can stop this. I want
to say that I'm a watchman. Even
with everything that the
Lord has showed me, it's been very
precise, I believe concerning this man's
life and praying for our economy.
I'm not here to take sides, I want to
make that very clear because I know I
have law enforcement watching me, but
this is a very serious thing. I brought
it to the elders of the church to pray.
This is exactly what I have
seen. I bring the good, the
bad, and the ugly. I always do.
I'm precise. I don't add to anything and
I do not take away anything from it.
As I saw what I saw,
I saw this scope on this
firearm that was that big. It
was huge. He was from a long ways
off,
military
trained, and Russian.
I saw Macron and him
negotiating and talking things through. It was
Macron and the
Russian
government.
God help me.
When this happened, I saw the Secret
Service looking everywhere. They
couldn't see how far it came or how it
happened. They were in a panic on
the ground and I watched the
whole thing happen.
I saw immediately World War III
across my face and a major war broke out
in Europe
of likes we've never seen before.
It was a retaliation immediately for
what just happened to our leader.
It was the most awful bombardment of
missile strikes because of what he has
set in place if anything ever happens to
him to retaliate immediately with
vicious force.
When this happened, I saw a
bombardment the likes of which we've never seen
before in any generation
with conventional weapons. Like I told
you, a wound
that will not be fatal to the
church, but it will bring the bride to
the side. It will shake the nations.
As I have prayed over this, I saw JD
Vance
walking through oak trees.
They were black as onyx. They were all
spread out.
Every single oak tree was the same size
and
height.
They were all barren with no leaves
on them at all.
It looked like something that had been
charred by some kind of volcanic fire,
but they were all identical.
As
he
walked through these trees,
there was white snow
all over the ground. He was wearing
a black trench coat that went to the
mid of his calf, similar to what he
wears. It looked like
a dark blue, but I couldn't really tell
because he was black and white. The
trees were black.
I think each tree represented a
year.
I believe from what I have seen there
were
at least six to seven trees. I'm still
trying to go over it
in my spirit. Lord, show me how
many trees that was and what did the
trees represent because I know it was
a
metaphor.
As I saw him walking through the snow in
these trees, he went to the White
House and he sat down behind the desk.
He had a look on his face, not a smirk,
not a grin, but he was just
looking as I saw his wife pregnant with
a baby.
She was big and pregnant. Her belly
button was sticking through her clothes.
She was standing behind the door
listening to the conversation that her
husband was having. She had a Hindu
looking outfit on that was pink with
outline embroidery with a green
John Deere color belt on.
It
looked like
something of Middle Eastern descent like
a Hindu
shawl.
Her face was not veiled.
It was a pink outfit
as I watch this and I say this very
carefully because I'm just telling
you what I saw in this visitation that I
had with Jesus.
I'm cautious. I'm not
accusing anything, but I'm just telling
you I'm not adding to and I'm not taking
away from anything. I saw this
couch.
Can you show that
Erica
was sitting on that couch?
She had a nice suit on, looked like
something like St. John's or something
very classy. She was talking to the
media
in behalf of his wife
and she said, "We are just friends.
He was a friend of my husband's, my late
husband.
He was a friend of Charlie's and I'm a
friend of his. And I'm filling in for
her because she's with child
and she's not speaking right
now."She
said, "I'm here to speak in
behalf as the spokesperson,
but we are just
friends."She
said that three or four times.
There's nothing more, nothing less.
We're just friends,
but I'm here to fulfill a position right
now.
She was
sitting on the couch. All the media was
focused on her. She was pulling her
hair out of her
face.
She was dressed up very nice.
As I saw her talking to the media,
as I saw him at the desk,
I saw Marco Rubio as number two.
Marco Rubio was standing next to him.
Who was number three? Who took Marco
Rubio's spot
was
Ron
DeSantis.
All of them were in the Oval Office.
I watched all this play out as America
was in a major turmoil.
It was something of hell on earth.
I saw that storm all around the White
House in an intense fashion like you've
never seen before. And I saw a shaking
coming to this nation with a major war
like we've never seen before. But
Jesus said to me, I hold the church
accountable for I have given the church
authority over the enemy concerning
prayer concerning these last days.
There's not enough prayer
and they have elevated him to be the
savior of America.
The only one that will ever save America
is me. The Lord Jesus was
referring. He said, "No one else will
ever save America. I will not share the
glory with no one, even President
Trump."As
I prayed over this,
it was so heavy. I didn't know what
to do with it
because he said the last time I
spared him, but open doors have set in
this time and it will not be by the
hand of the Lord like I saw not a
sparing.
I don't want to quote it wrong because
you don't want to add to or take away
from anything. The father I heard in him
what he said, but I saw a shaking coming
to this nation. He said he's in the
valley of decision and the decisions he
makes
concerning the nations and concerning
where we are in these end times, this
will be the make or break of his
presidency.
The very decisions that he makes right
now over the next couple weeks and even
this speech,
this will be the make or break time of
this nation.
The decisions how he makes and what
happens
concerning Greenland, concerning Israel,
concerning Gaza,
concerning Iran,
and
so on, he
has a major assignment to do. But I saw
the other one step in and he
was trying to play the part but he
followed along with the globalist agenda
with the banking and all the other
things.
It propelled us into even faster
end-times.
What was being sustained
went over the waterfall.
Things escalated at a rapid pace beyond
this.
I'm bringing this to you
with a heavy heart because of what I've seen.
I've been praying over this
for well over
four days.
This visitation happened Sunday
last week
and I've not known really what to do
with it.
I know there have been other
prophetic people who have had visions
and said similar stuff like this that
I have been told about.
I do not watch prophetic videos other
than mine. I try to keep out the
other voices to make sure that I'm only
hearing him and not adding to anything
that anybody else has in
their rolodex of things that they feel
the Lord has told them. Does that make
sense? You want to keep your vessel pure
from all of the outside clutter,
and it's very hard
since there's prophet on every channel.
And everybody says, 'Hey, Brandon, did
you hear
this?'I
told my family, I don't
want to hear it. I have to clog
my ears. I have to make sure that
I'm keeping it straight line with him.
They say, 'Did you read this book? Did you
read that?'No, I just
keep with him.
And this is how I keep myself, I
believe, from the static and letting
it
come in the clutter.
Is it easy? No. This was so heavy
because I wanted to make sure
before I brought this to public, it was
not flaky. This is a heavy word. And the
Lord said the church has to rise up and
pray
over these next couple of days in
this time
ahead.
I said, 'Lord, this goes against
everything you have showed me concerning
the 250 years to the celebration, to
the economy, to all these
things.'He
said, 'I told you it was a valley of
decision. It will either go this way,
which I have showed you, or it will go
this way by the other decisions
that are being made.'It's altered
by what you choose to do. If the
Lord says, 'Hey, sister
so-and-so,
you're called to be a song leader at
your church, and you have a gift better
than Celine Dion or whoever, and you're
going to sing like a bird, and you've
got all this, but you decide to go and
do something else and go sing at the
pub or at the club and get paid x amount
of dollars instead of putting the gift
in the church,'that's your choice. The
prophetic word was always there for you
to do it. But you have to
yield to it and say, 'Listen, I choose
to follow the Lord.'But if you say,
'Hey, I don't want to. I'm going to go
sing at the club,'God's a gentleman.
He's going to let you go right over the
cliff if you want to. He doesn't hold you
back at all. He said, 'Listen, I gave
you free will.
I gave you free will, and I love you so
much that I'm not restraining you from
doing anything. I want you to love me
and choose me because you want to, not
because I'm forcing you
to.'That's
why I try to tell you, we choose
hell.
God never chose any of us to go to
We choose to go down the path of
unrighteousness.
But he said, 'When
I've done everything I can do for the
church by giving them power and
authority to tread on serpents and
scorpions, but nothing shall by any
means hurt them. I'm not going to do
anything else about the devil,
Brandon. I've done it all.'When I was
on the cross and I said, 'It is
finished,'everything
I set out to do, I
did it and I completed with perfection.
There was nothing more I could have done
better. Do you understand? He was
perfect. He was a lamb slain for the
world. He was a perfect lamb without
spot, without any kind of sin.
He was a perfect lamb. But
you have to know that that
perfect God that loves us so much gives
us free will. And he said, 'Will you
pray?'And
he said, 'Brandon, I don't need to
show you anything else. I need to tell
you if you don't pray over what I have
given you, you're in trouble.
The United States is in trouble. I
called you to be a watchman on the wall
and bring prayer to the
masses.'And
it has been so,
even right now, almost 8,000 people
watching—all
glory to God.
But that's the seriousness of the hour
to bring prayer and agree.
If just think about that, if one of us
can put a thousand to flight and two of us
can send 10,000 to flight, how much
can 8,000? What could we do? That's why I
say if we bring all this together,
many hands make
light work concerning this storm. People
say, 'Hey, Brandon, it's moving up more
north by 100 miles into
Tennessee,'and
people are so excited. I'm a
believing believer that expects it.
I believe that when we pray that he
hears us and mountains are
moved.
Mark 11:24: 'Whatsoever things you
desire when you pray, believe that you
receive them and you shall have them. If
you say unto the mountain, be thou
removed, be thou cast in the sea, shall
not doubt in your heart, you shall have
whatsoever things you say.'I don't think
I quoted the whole thing,
but I
paraphrased.
It's about being a believing
believer in these last days.
There's a great war trying to
break out across the nations, as I saw
Macron
and this other... and if
you remember what I saw about Gaza,
I saw the brand new buildings
coming and I saw the golf course and I
saw a council in a V
formation.
If there's
seven major counselors, it
looked like for sure behind MBS,
they were in a V. And the Lord said they
will help fund and restore. But this
would be a peace agreement concerning
the building of of the third temple
in the days ahead.
Well, right here, look what happened
today or yesterday. Can you play that?
Braden makes the shorts for us.
I was taken to Israel and I saw MBS
leading in a V. He was the leader. He
was coming in there to do things, but he
had other Arab men behind him. Kind of
like a duck formation. Whenever you see
ducks flying, they fly in a V.
He was the head of it. And I
saw him talking and he went into Israel
and I saw him negotiating Gaza with
Trump and other countries. And they
rebuilt Gaza. So, we did a master plan
and we've developed ways to redevelop
Gaza. Gaza, as President Trump's been
saying, has amazing potential. And this
is for the people of Gaza. We've
developed it into zones. In the
beginning, we were toying with the idea
of saying, 'Let's build a free zone and
then we have a Hamas zone.'And then we
said, 'You know what? Let's just plan for
catastrophic success.'Hamas signed a
deal and demilitarized. That is what we are
going to enforce. People ask us what our
plan B is. We do not have a plan B.
We have a plan. We signed an agreement.
We are all committed to making that
agreement work. There's a master plan.
We'll be doing it in phasing. In the
Middle East, they build cities like this for two
or three
million people. They
build this in three years. And so stuff like
this is very doable if we make it
happen. I saw a golf course with Trump's
name on it—that was a Trump golf
course—with
a flag in the ninth hole. Now, I
know this is symbolic, and it said 'Trump
Golf Course Gaza,'and it was blue and
white that looked like Israel. It was
in beautiful cursive writing and it had
blue outlining the flag just like it
would an Israeli flag and it was in the
ninth hole. I saw the green grass that
was all on this golf course that
looked absolutely beautiful and it was
next to the Mediterranean. I could see
beautiful houses that were mansions
behind it. I'm talking big money homes
that looked like something out of Miami.
They were white stucco houses with
rooftops that could look out over
the water.
And then New Gaza: it could be a hope,
it
could be a destination, have a lot of
industry, and really be a place
where
the people there can thrive and have great
employment. Once this starts going,
we think there should be 100% full
employment and opportunity for everybody
there. We have a lot of data on
what can be, but we think that this
really gives the Gazan people an
opportunity to live their
aspirations. And I saw, all of a sudden,
oil derricks, but they were coming up out
of Gaza. And there was a massive amount
of money in oil and gas underneath the
soil of Gaza,
underneath the Mediterranean, outside of
the coastline. So I saw the third temple
being built. I was taken to Israel.
So, in my life,
we saw that and it's happening just
like the Lord told us he would. And
they
want the countries to buy in at a
billion dollars a piece to be councils
of this Gaza Strip and how they're going
to bring in peace and
a
stable Gaza
and eliminate Hamas and do all the
things they want to do. If you remember
correctly, when I went to tribulation
with the Lord back in 2014—I've told
everyone about this so many
times—I
said, 'They create a flag that the
Antichrist latches on to and starts
using it as his own flag.'Well, this is
the new
Board of Peace. I couldn't read it all;
I'm sorry.
Board of
Peace—this
is their symbol.
I thought that was kind of
interesting because it's similar to what
I saw on the Antichrist flag. Is this
the beginning
of that symbol?
Because all they have to do is just put
the five pillars of Islam above it with
the green, the white, and the black and
put the swords. It's just like what
I saw basically with the gold. And I
told Braden that if they just alter it
just a little bit, it is
interesting. These
are the
beginning stages. That's why
I try to tell y'all. People say, 'Oh, we
have so long before Jesus comes back.'I
say,
'Your head is in the sand or
someplace else. You need to wake
up.'Jesus
Christ is standing at the door and
he's waiting. And I've told you
many times on this channel, the
Lord said,
'Brandon,
you're not waiting on me;
I'm waiting on you. Bring in a harvest.
Bring in the harvest of souls. Tell the
people I'm coming.
I wish that none should
perish.'Now
people get all upset about theology,
but
listen, it's about
saving that which is
lost—telling
the people the good news that
Jesus Christ loves them and he wants
us to repent and turn from our wicked
ways.
It's time that we repent and come back
to Jesus. If you've never known
Jesus Christ,
it's time for you to come home today.
All these signs are happening all around
us
and Trump is in the valley of decision
over these next couple of weeks.
We're basically at
the 26th,
going into the 3rd. He said
the 3rd comes up smelling like a turd.
I thought that was
disgusting, but
it's how it catches my attention so I
remember things. Going into the Olympics,
I saw an
abomination—the
way things are about to be played
out is very disgraceful, a slap in the
face to the Father. That's a better way
to say it concerning the opening
ceremony.
I've seen that the Lord said, 'Pray
over the opening ceremony.'So will we see a major Islamic celebration at the opening
ceremony?
What are we
about to see? What's about to
happen? I said the shaking of the
Catholic Church, the shaking of the
church in America, the shaking of
major signs in the heavens,
in the earth, in politics, and
in finances—all these major five
shakings he told us were coming.
So, as I bring this to you tonight, I
do
it with a heavy heart, praying
over this. That's what we're here for.
I get these assignments, I get
these words, and they're not easy to
deliver
on a platform with thousands of
people,
but I do it with great boldness. I
do it because I fear the Lord, not man.
When he tells me something so strong
and the presence of the Lord fills my
house, I say, 'I'll not hold
anything back from you,
Father.'Whatever
it takes, I'll do it, and I'll do it
with boldness.
I thank you for praying for my
family. But I saw it was Russia; I saw
it had to do with France. And that was
who was planning this against our
president.
It was very serious.
This was a trained shooter. It
wasn't some kid this time; it was
military-like,
like the Navy
SEALs of America. That's how good this
guy was. It was so far off they couldn't
even see him.
I told Brad I tried to look up how far
one of those projectiles would go. You
can go up to over two miles.
I thought that seemed
impossible.
How is that even possible?
Maybe I'm mistaken, but that's the
way I was reading about this and trying
to figure out how far this individual
could be.
Is it a call to fear? 'Oh no, the sky is
falling!'No,
it's a call to prayer.
I'm not giving up on my president. I'm
not giving up on his heart; I'm not
giving up on him changing. The Bible
says, 'If my people, who are called by my
name, will humble themselves and
pray.'He
didn't say if the world would humble
themselves and pray and turn from their
wicked ways, then he would hear from
heaven and heal our land. He
said, 'If my people, who are called by my
name—my
people, people that I call
mine...'I
just need to tweak some
things in here.
What I've seen is him saying, 'I'm
holding the church accountable.'So, am I
going to stand before him and say,
'Lord,
I have an excuse; I was
too busy. I was trying to cook dinner,
I had to go get
my coffee,
I
didn't want to do a livestream tonight'?
What's your excuse not to pray? I say,
what's the excuse of the church? Where
are we at? What are we doing?
I'm assembling a
million men and women prayer army to
pray for this nation, to pray for our
president, and to pray for the
decisions that he makes—that he cannot
take counsel from the ungodly, that he
would raise up godly counsel all around
him, and that we would
protect his children,
his grandchildren, and
him by the power of prayer.
Does anybody else out there believe in
the power of prayer? Are you a believing
believer or are you not?
I'm asking you to help me.
I know it might be fun for some of you
to come and look at the chat and do all
this and get distracted,
but I'm trying to tell you the urgency
of the hour; a man's life is in the
balance.
I'm asking you to please take this
seriously
and to pray for our president.
The enemy would love nothing more than
to destroy our nation
through pride, through arrogance,
and
through doing things just because
it sounds good—like taking
Greenland. I don't
understand all that. I told you I had a
great caution concerning Greenland.
I had a go in my spirit to liberate the
people of Cuba over Mexico, to get rid
of dictators, and to bring forth
better leadership.
Are we the police of the world? No. But
the Lord said we're that close to the
Son
coming, that we're in a Hail Mary
play right now. It's all hands on
deck. He wants the greatest revival this
world has ever seen before, and he's
calling all of us to come up higher in
our prayer life with him. I told you 1
Corinthians 5:5 was the
word of the
Lord for 2026.
A lot of people didn't want to hear
that,
but I said you're going to see great
leaders in California fall. There'll be
a
great church shaking in California in
the days ahead. A major
leader of a major church in California
will be shaken, and things will be
exposed in the days ahead.
I said it will go all over the
media,
but I've not touched it.
The Lord said, "I'm shaking churches,
Brandon. I'm exposing
corruption."He
said, "A major TV network won't be
there very much longer. They'll go down,
too."Remember
how many times I've warned about this? I
said there's corruption in TV
networks,
churches,
and
major ministries. He said,
"Brandon, I'm cleaning
house."There'll
be a great shaking in the
church in the days ahead.
Ministers that used to
have a huge platform
and
audience will no longer be
there, just that fast. You'll
see new faces rise up out of seemingly
nowhere that I will put My hand on; I
will use them and bring My glory
through them.
It's
not for us to hold it and take it, but
for
us to deflect.
We're just vessels—the janitors,
the cooks, the children's church
workers,
the parking lot
attendants—people
that have been broken and been on
the potter's wheel for such a time as
this. He will use whoever he can
who
will just say, "Yes, here am I,
Lord,"who
doesn't have an ego and a resume.
He's done with egos and resumes. He's
looking for the person who was just the
guy saying, "Listen, I cleaned vomit
and poo for years, and I
just wanted to yield to the
Father."I
was the guy outside pulling
the weeds in the flower beds, picking up the gum
or the dirty diaper that was in
the parking lot, and cleaning it up, and I
just did it all to the glory of God.
That's what He's looking for right
now. Not somebody who says, "Well, you
know, I have a
doctorate
degree in theology and I can
outschool everybody in here, and
I'm telling you what, I've got so much
world knowledge and word of
the Bible,"but
there's no
character.
He's looking for people who have
character that will not bend to money,
that will not allow money to destroy
them. When they get
a big offering and they've got... "Well,
you know what? Did you see all my
bling and I got all this
everything?"Does
the bling control you,
or do you control the bling?
If He said give it away, would you give
it away? I don't believe God has a
problem with us having nice stuff.
If we, being evil, give good
gifts to our children, how much more
does our Heavenly Father give good gifts
to us?
It's not just about materialism. He
gives all things for us richly to enjoy,
the Bible says. But there is a
stench that comes before Him
from
the materialism in the church and the
way they act about it. You've got a lust
for stuff.
How much of a lust for stuff do you
have? Check your thermostat.
Check where you are with the Father.
It says, "Seek ye first the kingdom and
all these things will be added unto
us."He
didn't say seek the stuff. Seek Him,
and He'll give you the things if you
need
them,
right? But
the whole process of the world is we
automatically just go after... well, you
know, because we get the
prosperity gospel: "Well, we can sow
this and
I'm going to get
five Rolexes, I'm going to get a
Ferrari, I'm going to get
a
Rolls-Royce, and I'm going to get my
brand new
Gulfstream."I
don't think there's anything wrong with
having nice things. I'm going to say
that again. But when the things have
you,
we should fall in love with Jesus, not
the things.
Is He Lord of your life, or are
things the Lord of your life?
You can have a Gucci shirt, but can He
ask you to give it away?
How much more is He valuable? You
can gain the whole world and lose your
soul.
I want to be sold out to Jesus in these
last days.
I want to be all
in.
Am I perfect? No. Do I get it right
every time? I don't believe so. I'm just
as human as every one of you are.
But I choose to follow Jesus
and I try my best just like everybody
else. We're a work in
progress. But I'm trying to tell you
what He's told me,
and I do it with great fear
and humility.
I didn't want to give these words
tonight. That's why I didn't do videos
all week. I had this on Sunday,
and I told my son, "I've got to
get this off
me."I've
interceded and prayed. I
haven't
talked to anyone on the phone; I just
stayed
silent
because it's such a heavy word.
But I saw the outcome of him not being
in the presidency,
and America didn't look the same.
Is he the savior? No. That's the point
of what I'm trying to get across to you.
The only person who will save America is
the Lord Jesus Christ. But He'll use
individuals.
When they get too big a head and they
get in the way, guess what? They open a
door. Does God kill, steal, and destroy?
Let me ask you that.
Some of you may say yes, and some of you
are going to say, "heavens, no,"just like
me.
No. The Bible says that the devil
comes to kill, steal, and destroy. God
said, "I have come that you might have
life and life more
abundantly."That's
very clear.
Choose life.
It's a choice.
So,
we're going to pray tonight over this nation and this storm, and we're going
to
keep calling it to weaken
and
move faster.
I told
the Lord—the Lord said, "Brandon,"when I was praying
over it—I said, "What about slowing it down
and bringing in the colder air
quicker?"That
was my
problem-solving
with the things I've overcome. And
I was talking to God, "Daddy,
wouldn't it be better to go faster?
Let's move it. Let's get it out of here
quick. Let's get that low pressure out
of here as fast as
possible."I'm
thinking, "Well, if we could just get
the cold air down and move it up north,
the snow could happen up
there."Chicago
is used to snow; we're not used
to ice down here in Oklahoma
and
Texas. But
in my mind, I'm thinking you've got
to think smarter. That's what
I'm telling you. It's just Jesus.
All glory to God when it comes to
Brandon.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost
now; I'm so thankful that He would
come.
I pray for this great nation
that it remains great. He said, "I will
not allow your nation to become a goat
nation. I will keep you a sheep
nation."When
I talked about the wound and
the things that I saw, I
didn't know what it was. But now you can
see what it was.
It would be a wound that would not be
fatal, but it would shake the church
through the valley of decision. It's His
choice. Do you go this way, or are you
going to go that way?
Go the right path. From Jesus, we pray
for your safety.
This is what the Lord said, not Brandon.
This is what I saw from the Heavenly
Father.
And He said, "Pray for him.
Pray for the counsel that is around him.
For I have a plan for his life,
but he's in the valley of
decision."What
will you choose today?
To follow Jesus.
He spared him once;
He spared him twice on the golf course,
and even more times that we probably
don't even know about.
A thousand shall fall at your side and ten
thousand
at your right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh you. Humble yourself
underneath the mighty hand of God, and
in due time He will exalt you.
You're in the time of the valley of
decision
coming into November. And that's
what the Lord said.
After all that, I found out that
his wife's pregnant with child;
she's due in July from what I
understand.
When I heard that, I about fell over.
My son said, "Daddy,
JD Vance's wife's
pregnant."So,
will you help me, church?
Can we pray?
Will you take it
seriously?
It's not here for your entertainment.
I've been assigned by the Lord Jesus
to tell you of what's to come and how we
can change it through prayer. So, we're
going to pray now. We're going to take
communion and we're going to pray for
our president and that he'll make godly
decisions concerning Greenland.
Maybe there's another way.
You know, some say he won't take it by
military force. I don't know
what the Lord's looking
for. I'm not a counselor. All
I know is the Lord said it's concerning
Greenland and the decisions concerning
Europe and Iran in the days ahead, and
how he handles Israel and Gaza and
all the things ahead of it.
I've warned about splitting Jerusalem, a
two-state solution. I said if that
happens, I saw America be split right
down the middle. I don't believe he's
for a two-state solution.
All I know
is just to pray because that's as far
as the word went. So what he's supposed
to do, I have no idea. He didn't say,
"Brandon,
I want you to be on his
counseling board and tell him what to
do."He
said, "Pray for
him."He
didn't say, "Well, you
have it all figured out, Brandon. I want
to send you there and you can go
and talk to him and tell him what's
going to be—how the cow ate
the
cabbage."He
said, "I want you to intercede on
your platform."So everybody said,
"What's the choice?
How do we stop this?"I don't have a
clue.
All I know is the Lord said to pray. So
that's what I have.
I did it. I delivered it.
That was so hard.
When you get something off your
back you've been carrying for a while,
it feels better.
The Lord said, "I told you I was going
to have you say the hard things, and
that wasn't even hard compared to what you'll
say in the future."And I said, "Oh,
God,"because
that was hard.
So we pray over it. All right. So,
Father, we lift up the body.
We thank you, Lord, for the body that
was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that you're our
healer. You are our deliverer. And we
thank you, Lord, that by your stripes,
we're healed.
Lord, we take this and we're so
grateful for all that you've done.
We
thank you, Father.
We take this body in the name of Jesus
and we give you all the glory, honor,
and praise for it in Jesus'name. Amen.
Amen.
Now Lord, if you want to show us
anything else,
we yield ourselves to you.
I yield to the anointing of the
prophetic
and I thank you, Father, that we fly
like the eagles and we see that which is
to come.
I plead the blood of Jesus over me,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. I apply the
blood of Jesus
over us. We thank you, Lord. We make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us.
We
plead the blood
in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord, that your hand
is on us. And we give you glory, honor,
and praise in the name of Jesus.
We thank you. We confess our
sins before you, Father, and you are
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness.
Lord, we're just here for you.
And we yield ourselves to you tonight,
Father. I apply the blood over this
room. I apply the blood over my
children, over us, our
finances,
everything, Father. I cover us in the
blood, Father. I thank you, Lord. No
weapon formed against us will prosper in
the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
Take the blood.
He said do this often in remembrance
of me and what he did for us.
Jesus paid the price and he made us
free.
Isn't he wonderful? Isn't Jesus
wonderful?
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful
love.
So, let's pray now. Who wants
to go tubing for a little bit? How
long was this? Did I do that pretty
quick? Yeah.
Too long. Hour
and 20 minutes.
Almost.
Well, that was great.
It is what it is. If you want
to be here, be here. If you don't,
don't.
So, Father, we just lift up this time
before you and we just thank you.
Which way do you want me to go first,
Lord? Father, we cover
President Trump in the name of Jesus
and we lift up his family, his wife, his
sons, his daughters, his grandchildren.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a
hedge around and about them. I thank
you, Father, as the church that prays,
believers,
that we take authority over the
evil counsel in the name of Jesus that
has surrounded him. We say, "Satan,
thus far and no further."We plead the
blood of Jesus over our nation, over our
president, over his cabinet. We
thank you, Lord, that you expose and
remove the rats. We command the rats to
go, Father—the people that are there on
ill assignment from the enemy.
Father, I thank you that you would
expose them through a text
or
through what they say, that
they'll be caught in what they do.
Father, for the people that are supposed
to be around him,
let
there be a peace that flows
through him. He would know, "You know what?
I know this is just
right."And
where the enemy is
trying to do evil counsel
and ungodly thoughts, we thank you that
there's confusion in every evil
work, so much so that
they'll not be able to get it out right
because there's no flow over it. It'll
just be like, "I don't even know what I'm
saying."There'll
be a
confusion, Father, over the evil and a
flow with the good. Godly counsel will
stand and flow. Evil counsel will fall.
And we thank you, Lord, that they'll not
even be able to get it done
because the hand of
the Lord is upon them.
We thank you, Lord, that the hand of the
Lord is moving in our behalf. Father,
you're our Father and you
told us to pray. So, we humble
ourselves
before you, Father. We know we can't do
this without you.
But God, you told us to take our
authority. You said that you've
given us power and authority. I
believe tonight, Lord, we take our
rightful place of authority over this
nation,
over our president.
You said to pray for our leaders and
our judges and the Supreme Court
and the decisions they're about to make
concerning the tariffs, the
laws, and all the major
decisions concerning the Fed and Jerome
Powell.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing
in a new Fed
chair. I've seen her. It's a woman, I
believe.
I thank you, Lord, that you appoint that
person
to help pull this economy up by its
bootstraps
and give us a window of opportunity
for a great manifestation of a wealth
transfer through the pink currency, the
dinar,
I believe—not financial advice, my
opinion—and
other cryptos and
housing. The Lord
says
five major pots.
I thank you, Lord, that
this stuff happens and it happens
quickly in the name of Jesus.
You're warring on our behalf concerning
this. Father, we put a new Fed
chair in there that will do the interest
rates like they're supposed to.
We know this bubble
is going to pop. No matter how many
people say we can save this, we know
what the end time says. It's coming
to a new world order and a new world
currency.
There's no making America huge and
great again. It's making America
sustainable again
to float since Joe Biden and them all
sunk the ship. To make it
salvageable, he took
the pieces back and he built something
that wasn't totally functioning.
It
was just functioning
to
make it usable.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for we will
have a time of wealth of the wicked
laid up for the righteous.
Father, the church will flourish, and
we will not lack any good
thing. We will owe man nothing but to
love him, and goodness and mercy
shall
follow us all the days of our life. I
thank you, Father, for creative ideas to
do what we need to do. I
thank you that the same is on President
Trump to bring peace to Jerusalem and to
fix Gaza, which is destroyed
from the war.
We call peace to that area in the
name of Jesus with wisdom. Now, is this
the Antichrist stuff coming about and
Ezekiel 38 and 39 about to take off? I
believe so.
Is this the covenant of many coming
about? I believe it is. We're about to
see something major,
and I believe these are the
signs of the times of the coming of the
Lord. Father, I know what you say,
that you want a major harvest of souls.
So, Father, we lift up President Trump
and
JD Vance. We thank you, Lord,
for Elon Musk. I call Elon Musk
born again. I ask you, Father, to
radically save Elon Musk. Father,
he is not too far gone for you to
radically touch. I thank you that Ayatollah
Khamenei
is removed and a
major revival breaks out in
Iran. Persia will
crumble
as far as
the dictators over it, and the
church has their hour to rise and shine,
for the light has come and the glory of
the Lord has risen on them. We
call
for all of Iran to rise up
in the name of Jesus and
for
the church there to rise up and
proclaim that Jesus is Lord, with
signs following them that believe; that
when they lay hands on the sick,
they will recover. When they cast
out devils in Your name, they will raise
the dead. I thank you, Lord, that
that kind of church is rising up
in Iran right now in the name of Jesus.
The underground church is coming up with
boldness, and You're removing the
dictators and all of the oppression and
suppression in the name of Jesus.
You're bringing forth liberty to them
that ask for it.
I believe, Father, that the blood of the
martyrs
is crying out from the ground for
vengeance.
The blood of the martyrs, the blood of
the church of Iran, is crying out for
vengeance, O Lord.
Father, I thank you that
their blood will not go unnoticed
and
that their blood will not
go unavenged. There will be, in
the name of Jesus, a major revival for
their loss, a major harvest of souls, for
they were the seed. They were that seed,
and some plant, some water, and some
bring forth the increase. Lord, it's
time for the increase.
I know that you said we'd be
persecuted for the word's sake, but
Lord, I thank you for a divine
visitation and manifestations of the
glory of God on that nation in the name
of Jesus. It would go through
Pakistan
and
Oman.
I
am
talking about
other nations there:
Oman,
Jordan,
Afghanistan, and Iraq. We call forth a
major revival over the area in the name
of Jesus. Father, let there be the
greatest harvest of souls all throughout
the Middle East, Egypt,
and
Syria.
I thank you, Lord, that you're touching
India. Father, I thank you right
now in the name of Jesus that there will
be a major harvest of souls in
Jesus'name.
The church will rise up in Thailand
and South Korea.
The church will rise up,
even the ones being
persecuted so heavily in North Korea.
Lord, we call for our brothers and
sisters there who are not able
even to worship. You remember seeing
them; they weren't able to make a sound,
and
they had to use their hands to praise
You
as they were crying out for liberation
and for You to set them free from Kim
Jong
Un.
I ask You, Father, that You would
deliver them just like You did the
people in Argentina
and
Venezuela.
Deliver the people of
North Korea just like You did Venezuela.
Father, I thank you that even
his sister is removed in
Jesus'name,
and a great revival would break forth
all throughout North Korea and China.
Father, let there be a
major harvest of souls through the
Philippines.
I thank you that you have not
forgotten America.
Even when we have turned our back on
you and stuck our nose up
with pride, you have given grace to us.
We thank you, Lord, for the remnant
I believe has kept this thing afloat.
I ask you, Father, right now to
shake the White House and visit him in the
midnight hour. Lord
Jesus, all he needs
is
a visitation from the
Lord Jesus
or
a visitation from Gabriel.
Visit him in the White House in
his sleep and tell him what's coming, that
he would
be like King Hezekiah,
turn his face, and You
would give him another fifteen years.
I thank you, Father,
that You were merciful to them
in
the Old Testament; how much more
will You do for us in the New
Testament with Your Son's blood? How
much more, Father, as we come before you
and pray, asking you to
heal our land and that we will not see
our president taken out by any foreign
adversary.
May
he go home
at a ripe old age or by the rapture of
the church, radically on fire and saved
by the blood of Jesus, stirred
from the top of his head to his soles,
that we would
have that praying president
just like Kim Clement
prophesied—a
praying president who is Holy Ghost filled
and
for
whom
there will be no open doors.
We shut the doors and pray for him.
We thank you, Lord, that as the
church, we rise up in our position and
say, 'Satan, you will not take our
nation.'We
apply the blood
in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you as we see this
cold blast come through. We
speak for it to speed up in the name of
Jesus and move faster, leaving the
weatherman in
awe.
It
is
moving
so quickly now; it
has
picked up speed and is leaving, and
it won't cause the devastation
they keep talking about on the news.
Lord, you warned us back in October or November
that it was coming,
and we thank you that you
told us so far in advance.
Now God, I thank you that the God of
miracles,
the God who parted the
Red Sea,
the God who made peace when Jesus spoke
and said, 'Peace be
still'to
the sea, is the same Father
who
dwells inside you and me.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday,
today, and forever. As He is, so are
we in this world. I believe tonight
that we call peace to the storm and we
call it to dry up in the name of Jesus.
We will not have major outages
for a thousand miles plus. We
will
not have these crippling power
outages with millions
of people out of power for
weeks.
I pray over the Super Bowl
and
the gathering of all the people
there.
For the enemy within, for
the red dawn experience over this
nation, I pray a supernatural covering
over this nation in the name of Jesus.
May
all our ICE agents get
these evildoers out of our nation in
the name of Jesus, and the persecution
stops against ICE
now. Are they
all doing everything right? Well, if you
came over here illegally, it's illegal,
period.
Come over the right way. So, are they
wrong? No, they're just enforcing the
law of the land. If you don't like the
law, then change it, but they
are
abiding by the law.
They need to go
by what the law of the land says.
They're just enforcing what they're
assigned to do.
How hard is that?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
protect our ICE agents, but I ask you to
help them find these people trying
to create mass destruction on our soil.
I ask you, Father, to expose and bring
them to justice in the name of Jesus.
Every evil group of terrorists, every
evil group of military invasion
from other foreign adversaries—we call
them exposed in the name of Jesus by
Homeland Security, by our ICE agents, by
the
FBI, by our CIA, whoever is for us.
Father, I thank you; if God is for us,
who can be against us? And I believe there
are
more that are with us than there
are with him.
And I call an uncovering with them
right now through chatter, through that
underground network of telephone
communications. I call them exposed. And
every single person that is here on
evil
assignment, I call you exposed in
Jesus'name.
From MS-13 to the mafia to all of
it. The drug cartel mafia, we
call them exposed and brought to justice
in
Jesus'name.
Father, your hand is on this nation
and every crooked, evil politician from
the Democrats to the Republicans. I call
them exposed and brought to justice in
the name of Jesus, and the trafficking,
and the underground money laundering, and
all the things that are involved with
the Somalia stuff and the planes and the
trains and the automobiles, the big
mansions, all this corrupt money with
billions of dollars. I call it
uncovered
in the name of Jesus and the political
theater to stop.
We don't have time for this.
We call the exposing in
California,
Pennsylvania,
Michigan,
Maine,
Nevada.
There were so many others the Lord
brought up: Boston, Massachusetts area.
Thank you, Lord, that Omar is finding
another
job—the
one that's over the Senate in
Minnesota—and
that the
governor is finding a new job. He's out
of here. All the corruption is being
uncovered in the name of Jesus and that
Pam Bondi gets this done quick and it
doesn't take a long time.
It's not just drawn out and drawn
out. Father,
we ask for a quick work, quick justice,
and that the evil people
doing bad things would be
removed and exposed, and we would see
all the corruption in this nation for
what it is, and we get it sorted out
and we drain the swamp.
Father, I thank you for people that have
a backbone like a crowbar rising up and
running for office in our Senate
and our House and our governors and our
mayors and our sheriff's
departments. The people with integrity,
people with
God-fearing—what
we would call Christians—would be
in there saying, not lukewarm
Christians, but on-fire-for-God Christians.
There's a difference between being a
Christian saying 'I'm a
Christian'and
being Sister Clipboard. I'm talking
about on-fire-for-God Christians in
political positions,
Father, and judges. We call them
in right now and we thank you, Lord, that
you would speak to their hearts
even right now and you say, 'Run for
office, run. You can do this and I'll
back
you.'I
thank you, Father. It's not about being
MAGA.
It's about being like Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, Father, for godly
principles and godly theology and godly
thinking in
Jesus'name.
We believe, Father, that you're not done
with America yet.
We believe,
Father, there's a shaking coming to our
churches and you're cleaning up the
house. 1 Corinthians 5:5 will come
to full fruition in 2026 and 2027
and a great manifestation of the glory
of God is coming on this nation from sea
to shining sea, from the Gulf to Canada.
I call forth a major move of God all
throughout Canada and all throughout
Mexico. Father, I thank you, Lord, that when
the gospel is preached throughout
the
whole world, then the end will come
as a sign.
And we believe it, Father, that tonight
we're seeing a turnaround. Tonight,
the boat is turning around.
Sometimes it takes a little bit to turn
a big massive cruise ship.
But we believe, Father, that it's
turning tonight. Tonight marks the
day—you
mark it on your calendar right
now—that
today is the day of a divine
turnaround, of divine favor, of divine
restitution.
I believe that Jesus Christ and
the
holy angels are all
working on our behalf right now as we
speak. They're working. It's all
happening right now
and things are turning around. The Holy
Spirit's working on the hearts of the
evil. He's pricking the hearts of the
evil right now. Like it says in Acts
chapter 2,
he's
pricking the hearts of the
wicked, softening their hearts. It might
be Acts chapter 4.
He's pricking the hearts of the wicked,
softening them right now.
And I believe, Father, right now that
there's a divine turnaround.
I believe it, Lord.
Everybody else believe it too?
I pray over Australia right now in the
name of Jesus that, Father, there's
rain. We call forth rain from Sydney all
the way across. I call forth rain in the
name of Jesus. And I say, 'Rain, come.
Drought be broken.'And a major Holy
Ghost rain is coming over Australia in
the name of Jesus. We call that rain to
come forth. Acts 2:37. He's pricking
the hearts. Acts 2:37. Thank you,
Braden.
Acts 2:37. We believe that
no one's heart is too hardened.
You say, 'Well, he's too corrupt. He's
too hard. He'll never
return.'No,
no, no. I believe Acts 2:37,
he can prick the hardest of hearts and
make them pliable.
We call forth revival over Australia
right now in the name of Jesus, from the
land down under.
We call forth that major revival of
souls. We call forth the churches
and
leadership to rise up in the name of
Jesus. We call a fresh clean start, a
fresh revival, fresh water.
Father, I thank you, Lord, when you showed
me that drought, you said, 'Speak to the
rain. Speak to the temperature.'We call
it rain in
Jesus'name.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain
over Australia.
over Australia tonight.
In the name of Jesus,
we call in low-pressure systems to move
across that great land. And we thank
you, Lord, that there's major rain.
Major rain. We're not asking for
destruction, but we're asking, Father,
for their lakes and their streams and
their ponds and their
creeks to be filled for
the kangaroos to drink and the koala
bears to have fun.
We believe it, Lord. And Father,
the people will rejoice for the
rain. For not only a rain of the
natural, but a rain of the spiritual,
and the former and the latter rain will
come together, and another and a
greater wave of your glory will be seen
all around Australia, and great new
worship will come up out of it
in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
As you're in your house
over the next day or so, if you're
snowed in and you can't get out, spend
that time not just playing on social
media, but give that time to Jesus.
Give him extra time.
It's
just a timeout.
Spend time with your kids playing some
games.
Play some board games. Play a card game.
Do something fun with your kids. Love on
them.
Times are short. Times are precious
when their kids are growing up fast.
It's like I
was making stew tonight with
Paisley, and just in there cooking and
talking. Those are precious times.
Making a big pot of stew, making a big
pot of some cornbread or whatever,
talking.
If
you can't go outside, stay in there
and do something fun with your kids.
Spend time with the Lord.
He wants so desperately to have
a
relationship with you.
You say, 'Oh, I want a relationship with
him.'No,
no. He wants one with you even
more
if you just get yourself out of the way
and sit at his feet and say, 'Here I am.
I want to know you.
I ask you to become real to
me.'I
can tell you, whenever the presence on
Sunday filled our house, even with such
a hard word that I had to give and talk
about—the
glory of the Lord will change you.
It's that one touch,
but being filled with the Holy
Spirit like it was—he had
the
same way he always looked. He
looked so nice with his robe on this
time. I look at him and the
glory of the Lord was all over; the way he
shines.
You shine
like a bright morning star.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are. That's somebody
who's
seen him.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle,
so pure, and so kind.
You shine
like a bright morning star.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus,
you always hear me when I call.
you lift me up each time I fall. You're
the sweetest
name of all.
The angels
look like they're bodyguards, though I know
Jesus doesn't need any bodyguards,
but there were three. One was behind him,
one was on the side of him, and one was
on the other. And they came in together.
It's almost like his entourage. It was
cool.
Like, 'I'm walking in, man. I dropped
the mic. I'm here. I'm Jesus.'It was
cool. It really was. Not that he's
always about humility. I've never seen
him be arrogant. Nothing. Ever.
Every single time he presents
himself as so
beautiful beyond description.
But it was cool because the angels that
came in with him, and
it shook me
as I was right here. Right here, he came
through a portal right here.
I was doing a video for you
and I was praying, and he said, 'I have a
word for you.
I must tell you what's
coming.'I
said,
'Why?
Tell me why. What
happened? Why is this? What's
changed?'Pride
has set in.
I hold the church accountable, Brandon.
They're not praying for him enough.
That's why I ask you: Are you praying
for our president today?
Oh, God have mercy.
I believe we could have changed things
tonight. Do you?
There's enough of us here. I believe we
could have changed some things.
I don't believe it was meant for
anybody to go home that way.
I believe that the word says he does
nothing in this earth unless he
reveals it to the prophetic voices first,
the
watchmen.
I don't go around saying, 'You're a prophet,
you're a prophet'—all this stuff.
I just say I'm a watchman. I
yield to the anointing of the prophetic; if
he wants to say something, then Father, by
all means, say it. If not, I'm just as
human as everybody else. I try my best,
y'all. That's why I keep telling you:
I get so tired of all the arrogance
in the church.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty
hand of God.
And we thank you, Lord. Father, you
can use anybody. If you can use
Brandon
Biggs, you can use anybody. And I truly
mean that with all my heart. If you saw
all my flaws, you'd say, 'How in the world
is God using him?'Because that's why I
ask about me all the time; it's by his grace.
Father, we just thank you.
We
rejoice in the Lord always. And again I
say rejoice.
We believe, Father, that things are
turning around tonight. The
expiration date to our need was today,
for the breakthrough is here. I
believe that, Father, concerning health,
concerning finances,
or
you might be bound by some kind of
demonic spirit of addiction. I
believe that tonight's your night for
your breakthrough. You don't have
to be walking in addiction to
alcohol or drugs, nicotine,
pornography,
lust—all
the things that the devil tries to
use: the gold, the glory, and the girls.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're
free.
For whom the Son has set free
is free indeed. And I pray over every
single one of them tonight that they
walk in divine
freedom—that
peace that passes all
understanding, the joy unspeakable and
full of glory. Father, this is a
time like never before, that we, the
church, rise up like the Tommy Hicks
vision and become that giant. It's
not the Pentecostals against the
Baptists, the Baptists against the
Catholics, the Catholics against the
Methodists,
or the Church of Christ.
Father, we become one body
functioning as one with one voice, one
sound coming together, all proclaiming
that Jesus Christ is coming. We're
not going against this religion or that
religion; but, Father, we are all
wholly
joined together as one body moving
as a body, as that great mighty army.
He didn't say, 'Well, I'm only
going to use the charismatics in these
last days.'If you notice, they seem to
be the ones messing up a lot right
now. So we pray for the body to come
together
and join up and become strong.
And we lift our brothers and sisters up
and we say, 'Listen, we can make it
through
this.'I
believe, Father, that's the kind
of church we have today—a church that
has boldness and a backbone like a
crowbar that says, 'I will not bow and I
will not
burn.'And
you can turn up that furnace as hot
as you want, but I'm still not going to
bow and I will not burn because my God
will deliver me from the flames of the
fire.
You want to throw me in the lion's den?
My God will shut the mouth of
the lion and he's going to make it
where they can't eat me.
You either believe it or you don't. I
say, 'Father, give me boldness like
Daniel and give me boldness like
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego'to say,
'Father,
there are more that are with us than there are with them.'I'm not scared of the armies of the devil or whatever is going out on the hillsides. There's more that are with us than
there are with them
in these last days. You
are rising—we
are rising
up and we're taking our dominion
authority tonight. And I believe that
our president is covered in
Jesus'name
with prayer. We can pray in the spirit
for about 10 minutes if you want, or
because I try to make it all English so
you all hear because I want to
push—but
we can pray and so you could grab
a hold of it.
Attach your faith to mine.
You agree?
Touching anything. We're touching
everything. President Trump said Melania,
his marriage is strong. I saw a storm
coming for their marriage and the Lord
said, 'Pray for their marriage.
Pray for their
marriage.'So
that's what we continue to pray.
Now, did I know when that was? I
didn't know what it was when
Pennsylvania
happened.
I saw a man hit in the ear and all the
things I saw. I didn't know when it was
going to happen. But I saw a man this
time in black
and it was a totally different scenario
this time.
So, do we turn it? Yes, I
believe it. Do you believe that?
Yes. Be a believing believer with me.
So, that's what we're going to see.
Oh, hallelujah.
How was that? I dumped myself
out.
It's all Holy Ghost, I can tell you
that. But it's like after you're over
and I did it all, I said, 'My goodness,
son. I feel what the
Lord told me to do
today.'Thank
you, Lord.
Jesus
is coming
soon,
morning or night or noon,
many will meet their doom, trumpets will
surely
sound. All of the dead shall rise,
righteous meet in the sky, going where
no one dies, heavenward bound.
Jesus
is coming
soon, morning or night or noon, many
will meet their doom, trumpets will
surely
sound.
Dead
shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky,
going where no one dies,
heavenward
bound.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah. Well, if you're here tonight
and you've never asked Jesus Christ to
be your Lord and personal Savior,
I believe you're here not by
accident, but by a divine
appointment. And if you've never asked
him to be your Lord and personal Savior
and
you want to
invite Jesus in, tonight's your night.
I always want to give an opportunity to
come to the saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus. Maybe you're here tonight
and you are backsliding. You're
watching this and a snowstorm's coming or
whatever and you're like, "What's that
old guy saying now? I've seen him on
TikTok. I've seen him on X
and all these other things and I'm
curious about it."But you're not here
just to be a spectator. You're here
because Jesus signed you here tonight.
I'm telling you, the Bible says that no
man comes to the Father unless He calls
him. So I believe that tonight's your
night of salvation.
The moment you confess your sins, Jesus
is faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
It's appointed unto man once to die
and after that the judgment.
I believe that there's no other way to
the Father other than the Lord Jesus
Christ. If you're not born again and you
don't know Him, you're in trouble.
But tonight's the night of salvation.
That's the good news.
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the undertaker might be taking
them off tonight.
You don't know if tonight's your night
and your number is going to be
called. So don't waste this opportunity.
You may not have another one.
Today's the day of salvation
right now.
Or you could be lukewarm. You could be
backslidden.
You could be
living for the world again. You're here
tonight and you want to have a fresh
clean start just like the prodigal.
The prodigal
son was in the pit
and he was laying there with the pigs
and he said, "If I could just go back to
my father's house and be a servant,
maybe he'd let me come home."But what
was awesome about the father, he was
there with the robe. He was there and he
told the servants, "Hey, go kill
the fatted calf. My son is
home,"and
they had a great celebration at his
return. That's the way our Father is.
I believe that Jesus has never left
you and He's never forsaken you. You
turned your back on Him. He didn't turn
His
back on you. And the moment you
confess your sins is not when the Lord
found out about it. That's when you got
rid of it. And I believe tonight is the
night of salvation for you to come home.
Come home.
It's not time to run anymore. It's time
to come home. You're running out of
time. This dispensation of grace is
coming to an end, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe right now, if you would
just yield yourself to the Lord, it
would be a fresh, clean start for you to
have a fresh, clean future.
Behold, He said, "I'll make all things
new."So,
if this is speaking to you
and you feel that stirring on the inside
of you and you're here tonight and you
say, "Brandon, will you please pray for
me? Will you please pray for my
wife? Will you please pray for my kids?
Will you please pray for my
husband?"We
want to come back to Jesus
tonight.
I feel a stirring inside of me. You feel
those butterflies, those
goosebumps. You feel all that flesh
stuff, and you're saying, "Man, I just
want to make a fresh, clean
start."I
want you to be bold about your
decision tonight. And I want you to put
it in the comments section right now: "I
want to be saved. I want to be born
again. I'm coming home to Jesus. I want
a fresh, clean
start."Jesus
died for you publicly. I want you
to be public about your decision. We'll
wait on you for just a couple seconds
here. You tell us: "I want a fresh, clean
start tonight."And I want to say a
simple prayer for you. It's just a real
easy prayer. It's not a hard prayer.
It's a simple prayer. A five-year-old could
say it. He didn't make salvation hard.
He just said it with the heart. Confession
is
made with the mouth
unto salvation. You got to believe in
your heart and confess with your mouth.
Say it: "I want
Jesus."So,
we're going to say it right now.
And if you're here tonight and you want a
fresh
start, tonight's your night.
So, say, "Jesus, I believe You're
the Son of God. I believe You died for
me and You rose again on the third day.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins. I'm
a sinner and I need a Savior. As of
tonight, I turn my back on the world. I
turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on my sin and from this day
forward, Lord, I'll serve You with all
my heart. I dedicate my life to You,
Lord. I thank You, Lord, that You
write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. That today I am forgiven of my
sins. That the moment I've confessed my
sins to You, You said in Your word that
You're faithful and just, and You
cleanse me of my sins, and You don't
remember it anymore. That it's as far as
the
east is from the west. You've taken
my sins from me and from this day
forward, Lord, I'll serve You
with
everything I have.
Thank You, Lord, that You've invited me
into
Your kingdom. Thank You, Lord, that
You've washed me in Your precious
blood. Thank You, Lord, that I'm free
from all of my past in
Jesus'name.
And behold, You've made all things new.
Amen and amen."I believe that you just
got born again by that simple little
prayer. What do you do now? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. Find a—I would
go to a non-denominational church more;
that's
where we would go. And I would tell
that pastor at that church, "I need to be
water-baptized."Get
water-baptized with
water.
Make a public declaration that "I'm a
Christian."All
the things you can do.
Get water-baptized. Read your Bible
every day and pray and seek Him
every day. Find that
church—go
to Sunday, Wednesday, whenever they
have church available to go to it. Bible
study, whatever you got to do. Get
plugged in. Don't go back to what you
were doing before. Go and say, "Hey,
I choose to follow Jesus today and I'm
coming with a new life, a new way of
thinking. Holy Spirit, help me. I can't
do this on my own."And the Bible says
that the Holy Spirit is an ever-present
help in a time of need; the Lord is. So
I believe that today is your day of a
turnaround.
So praise the Lord. Now, if you can't
afford a Bible and you don't have one
and you say, "Brandon, I need a
Bible,"my
wife and I will buy you a
Bible. In the description down below is
an email address. Tell us in the
description: "I would like to have my
Bible. I got born again on your
broadcast and I want my
Bible,"and
we'll send you one from Amazon. And so
we just want to celebrate your decision
tonight, whoever got born again, and
just be excited that you just made the
best decision of your life, which is to turn
before they burn. And so, praise God in
Jesus'name.
Is there anybody who got saved?
37 people gave their hearts to Jesus
Christ tonight. Welcome to the family.
All 37 of you. That's wonderful.
I'm so glad I went ahead and gave an
altar
call. 37 people all gave their
heart to Jesus Christ. Welcome to the
family, all of you that gave your heart
to Christ. And we're happy for you.
We're excited. We rejoice with
your decision. So, we love you. So, come
over here and like and subscribe.
Click that notification. Come over here
and pray with us all the time. We
appreciate it. We're believing for
a million men and women prayer army to
rise up in these last days to pray for
the things we saw tonight. I
don't know. I know it's over two
hours, so I didn't want to keep you all
too late and it's already gone really
late. I could go keep praying, but
I think it's pretty good. I don't even
know what time it is. Oh, it's almost
midnight.
So, but Father, we just thank You, Lord,
as we close this today.
We're so grateful for every single
person who comes out so
consistently
to support and pray with us. Thank You,
Father, for every person that's here
tonight. I lift them up before You. I
thank You that they're safe all over
America. People are safe from this
storm. That we call forth the
snow to cease and desist in the name
of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, that
the blessing of the Lord is on this time
frame that they have with their kids,
with their loved ones. And if you're
single, spend time with the Lord.
Find a good Derek Prince sermon
I was listening to today about the
tongue, about your tongue. The power of
life and death is in the tongue. It
blessed me while I was listening to it;
I enjoyed it. I've been listening to
his stuff now. I
listen to Brother Hagin so much, and then
I found him and I'm like, "Hey, I like
this guy. Pretty good
stuff."Praise
the Lord. Did that bless
you all tonight? I don't know if
it blessed you too much, but it is
what it is. I gave what the Lord
told me to.
There's a whole bunch of people
here.
A lot of people went home. All right,
we thank you for joining us.
Remember, we love you and Jesus loves
you. Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart, and we'll see you again. I
believe probably tomorrow, maybe.
We'll see what we're doing.
I believe I probably will pray for a
little bit tomorrow. We'll jump in the
river more. I felt like I delivered what
I was supposed to, and I felt a
release. God bless you all. We'll
see you again soon. Bye-bye.